---
title: Download XiaoMiFlash Tool v.20170425
excerpt: Download XiaoMiFlash Tool v.20170425 directly from reliable host
f-name: MiFlash20170425.zip
f-size: 46.7MB
f-code: XZY2U57ZNUReLEL8eTQ8Pbw8IfmgSb9phMTk
f-host: pcloud
f-hash: null
header:
 teaser: https://i0.wp.com/u01.appmifile.com/images/2017/04/10/226b6ae2-790c-41af-8594-8def2e24e7d7.jpg
categories:
 - download
---

## Features of Xiaomi Mi Flash Tool

<strong>Installer</strong>

Xiaomi Mi Flash Tool comes as Installer, which means you have to install it first on your computer in order to use it. While Installing the Tool, you will see the packages that comes with the tool including the ADB Tool, Drivers and Mi Tool.

**Inbuilt Drivers**

Xiaomi Mi Flash Tool comes with In-Built USB Drivers including Google ADB Tool and Drivers, Microsoft MTP and RNDIS Driver, Qualcomm USB Serial Driver. Which means you dont have to install drivers manually to work with the tool.

**Multiple Flashing Options**

There are 3 flashing Options available including _Flash All_, _Flash All except Storage_ and _Flash All except data and Storage_. Flash All except Storage is the default method of flashing the fastboot files on Xiaomi Devices.

## Download Detail:

Below you will find information related to download `{{ page.title }}

| File Name | {{ page.f-name }} |
| File Size | {{ page.f-size }} |
| File Hash | {{ page.hash }} |
| File Host | {{ page.f-host }} |
| Download | [via {{ page.f-host }}](https://mi.knoacc.org/dl/{{ page.f-host }}?code={{ page.f-code }}&amp;name={{ page.f-name }}&amp;size={{ page.f-size }}){:.btn.btn--primary} |

{% include ads.html %}

## Readme First:

**[*] How to Use**: If you are looking for the step-by-step guidelines to use Xiaomi Flash Tool then head over to **How to use Xiaomi Mi Flash Tool** page.

**[*] How to Flash OTA**: If in case you want to flash OTA File on your Xiaomi Device then follow **How to Update Firmware on Xiaomi Device**.

**[-] Xiaomi Stock Firmware**: If in case you are looking for the Stock Firmware for your Xiaomi Smartphone then head over to **Download Xiaomi Stock Firmware** Page.

**[-] Xiaomi USB Driver**: If in case you are looking for the Stock Firmware for your Xiaomi USB Driver then head over to **Download Xiaomi USB Driver** Page.

**[-] Credits**: Xiaomi Mi Flash Tool is created and Distributed by Xiaomi Inc. So, Full credits goes to them for sharing the tool for free.

{% include ads2.html %}
